ENH: supply our version of numpy.pxd, requires cython>=0.29 (#12284)
numpy/numpy: doc/release/upcoming_changes/12284.new_feature.rst

Add our own ``*.pxd`` cython import file
--------------------------------------------

> Added a ``numpy/__init__.pxd`` file. It will be used for `cpython import numpy`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added a ``numpy/__init__.pxd`` file. It will be used for `cimport numpy as npc`
```
is what you mean I think? And I am not sure we still need the search path link (at least not as a link).

Author: fixed, thanks
